---
layout: default
title: 2020-12-01
parent: Capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# Capacity meeting 2020-12-01

Agenda + *Actions*

Needs to cover / *outcomes*:
- GFW (support developer) - *Tomas to look for someone by Friday the 11th*
- RW (support developer) - *Andrés to look for someone by Friday the 11th*
- Mars (new phase coming, not info about it yet) - *David to look for someone when we get more information about new phase and deadline*
- Technical proposal for Gender Data Portal Revamp - *Andrés and David will be on charge of the technical proposal*
- Meetings more efficient - *Draft propposal to improve them https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-v7Wb66PTIlDR7Vgfp6Oq0pmbEtOdb2I-MFV69kK_SY/edit*
- Increase visibility in FE capacity (at least three months) - *Capacity owner to improve/ work on this (draft definition of the role https://docs.google.com/document/d/106nURMlr2njgz9IcOSMlyad6rwarBsLXWCz9quJZ60A/edit#). Need up to date information about new projects, new phases and possible risks. PMs to be trasnparent and keep planning sheet up to date*

