---
layout: default
title: 2021-02-16
parent: Capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# Capacity Meeting Agenda (16th February)
1.- Prep New Phase.  
2.- US Resilience new phase.  
3.- New Hirings

# Meeting notes

1.- David Inga to take care of **Prep**.  
2.- **US Resilience**.   
* **Current phase** to be finished by Dani.   
* **New phase** coming around March but don’t have all the info of what to do. No need to decide who is going to work on it yet.

**Restor.eco** - Tasks, features and budget to be reviewed this Friday (by Clement and people from other FA). Next week we will have more info about us taking the project or not. 

3.- It is a good time to **hire**, we are good in terms of capacity but if new phases of existing projects that are under negotiation are confirmed, we could have problems. Also last year we lost technical knowledge with the turn over that would be good to recover. Right now, we can afford to invest the time it takes to define the profile we want/need, and to be able to do a good onboarding. Tomas and David are going to be in charge of defining that profile and sharing it with the rest of us. Ideally this profile would be **mid level** and she/he will arrive in **May**.

We agree also to hire a **junior profile**. Ideally, an onboarding plan should be prepared before this happens to make sure that the person who enters knows what is expected of him/her and we can teach her/him in the aspects we need. The plan is to have everything ready so this person could join us in **June**.
