# Capacity meeting 2020-11-10

- Review and update projects here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YDqgJ0yHJetG5oYeaTI50NWGXsg3BenBNZ4Y7zCxapU/edit#gid=95426572
- We allocated people on OTP new phase: Dani :slightly_smiling_face:
- Ed told us his evaluation about the implementation of 3d Mapbox library on Mongabay, as a summary: It’s not feasible with the budget
- Ask to Daniel Galves to add a new project on VizzTracker to report time expended on the front end team
- Show “Front end Workflow” document we created last week with Mendoza, we think we can discuss and make some agreements next Friday on Frontismos meeting (it will be very interesting, I promise) https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wOhmb75QnmYor296_hfLY11yjd8pxi1hondAuopMvA4/edit#gid=1209821525
- Also we mentioned the need to improve our proposals and talk with BD, for now we have this document which is very outdated: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GL_zCgqqeUxQdWPWJzvdeeUtf5lDpZV23E3qFVx-xMs