---
layout: default
title: 2021-04-13
parent: Frontend capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# Agenda

1. Share yesterday’s capacity monthly meeting notes
2. Updates for US resilience, TOTA, and Zara proposal
3. We have to create a document for hiring / onboarding purposes and it would be great if we can take a look at it today instead of waiting to frontismos meeting on Friday

# Meeting notes

1. Main points were:

    ##### Freelancers.
      They’re the last solution, it requires supervision and it’s not an ideal way to proceed.
      PM has to help them onboard.
      Respective FA has to supervise the work and help the freelancer itself.

    ##### Capacity prevention:
      We have been aware to know in advance when we would have capacity issues.
      We need a better way to present solutions for that.
      Forecasting as much as we can our projects would be crucial to make this part better.

    ##### Current solutions:
      We will try to prioritize which tasks (more mechanical and less strategical) can be delegated to freelancers.
      Regarding the relation between BD and capacity meetings.

    ##### We need more alignment.
      Capacity spaces (actions, channels, and meetings) are the ones to adapt to BD requirements, and not the other way around.
      Transparency and communication:
      Every action taking that affects capacity should be notified in this channel or brought up in the meetings.

    ##### ACTION POINTs:
      Talk with P&C to see if we can improve the hiring process, and make it faster
      Talk with BD to look for a way to improve project capacity forecasting and notification

2. Project/proposals updates:
- US Resilience - Mendoza has a meeting with the client last week. No FE assigned to the project but we are still missing bits from the client.
- TOTA - Mendoza asked for a freelancer for it, as soon as he gets some candidates we will help with the process (mainly Álvaro, as he seems to have a bit more capacity).
- Zara proposal - an initial idea has been sent to the client with not a lot of technical detail. If the client decides to go ahead we will get more involved in the technical proposal.

3. Tomas shared a document that defines "how we work". Document to be completed by Tomas and Clément (some parts already reflected in frontismos repo).


## Extra topics

David:
  - Prep needs some alignment. Current designs don't match the proposal / tasks on PT, there is a possibility of workload increase for FE (draining Inga's capacity).
  - Mars - Steady trickle of tasks that are also draining Inga's capacity. He will be out of Mars for 2 weeks to be able to cope with the rest.
  - Marxan - He may have to stop helping here, lack of capacity.
