---
layout: default
title: 2021-07-06
parent: Frontend capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# Agenda

- Restor 
- Climate Watch
- Earth Dashboard
- Green Energy Data Platform
- Mangrove Atlas
- Capacity rest of FA

# Notes

 - Restor new launch in mid October. Clement and Simao (freelance), will be blocked more or less until the end of Oct. Simao will cover Clem holidays but the workload is quite heavy so they may need extra help at some point.
 - Climate Watch, new phase not completelly defined yet. For now, Álvaro can take care of it but he may need some help from August onwards. Same with Trase, there are some negotiations going on, still not a lot of information.
 - Earth Dashboard, Pablo is taking care of the new changes, it's going to be finished before he goes on holidays next week. After his holidays he will have spare capacity to help somewhere else (potentially in Vikings)
 - Green Energy, we suppose to finish it in July but API still in WIP
 - Mangroves, soft launch in July (client flexible with deliverables)
 - Landgriffon, still missing resources in APi (front end a bit blocked)
 - ReFed could be pushed until August, September 
 
 - Rest of FA:

    BE
      - Middle of hirring proccess (ideally looking for one junior, one mid profile)

    Science
      - Not hiring at the moment. Some of them at full capacity. Oscar will redefine his role to "comms, BD and part time science". He didn’t have time because of projects workload

    Design
    - 2 processes open for design and research. 2 Rounds of interview for design, going for a third round (they have a person that could be a fit)

 Extra discussion: 
 - How FE could help BE. We opened a conversation of how we could releaved BE workload or what both FA could do to be able to work in paralel in future projects (to be continued next week). María will check with Alicia how we can contribute, the rest of the team will think on ways to improve workflow
