---
layout: default
title: 2021-02-09
parent: Frontend capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# CAPACITY MEETING (agenda and notes)

- Reallocate resources to fill Dani’s gaps:
    -  Usa Resilience - To be decided next week. Dani will attend the meeting this Friday to know what needs to be done.
    - OTP - Not FE remaining tasks for now. More front-end work may come once BE finish theirs, this should be a priority over the rest of Dani’s tasks.
    - GFW - María will be the new support developer.
    - Community and growth - Dani will carry on until he finished. After we will review if extra help is needed (Pablo wouldn’t mind joining)
- Updates in restoring.eco (help BE team in anything we can)
- Back end help - David and Maria will talk to Tiago García (we can spare some capacity) 
- Trase Benchmark - https://drive.google.com/file/d/13vaYA0yFFEj8lj1ppRbhVg0p8vRUUvbw/view?usp=sharing - 1.5days - Álvaro will talk to Pablo Urrutia
- Quick look to the capacity status (how are we on a daily basis) - Overall, right now we are fine, but we need to start thinking of new hirings. We need to think about how many people and what type of profiles we may need and discuss this next week.
- We may have to delay the second phase of Layer Manager, we can reevaluate this in March.
