---
layout: default
title: 2021-04-06
parent: Frontend capacity
grand_parent: Meeting notes
---

# Today’s agenda

Today’s meeting agenda
  1. New project - TOTA
  2. New Mangroves phase
  3. New proposal - Inditex
  4. Month retrospective
  5. US Resilience


# Meeting notes

    1. Álvaro will be the point of contact for TOTA but there are 54 days of FE estimated. The first phase ending in July, most likely we need to get a freelancer for it. Caveats -> half of the team for the project are freelancers
    2. David and María working in Mangroves estimations, phase seems quite big. Deadline end of July. We will present a document to the client with what is achievable for July. Risks - David is the BE of the project, he has Landgriffon development starting soon  
    3. Javi started the proposal. Álvaro and María will carry on with it as he is on holiday. Around 300-400k euros for implementing the pilot during Apr-Aug 2021 (one phase 2.5 months and another phase 2.5 months). The idea would be to sell a team time and materials. Risks - not enough capacity + holidays
    4. MARCH RETROSPECTIVE - Projects with discrepancies of what was expected (over and under):
      - ERM - Freelance checks - less than expected
      - GFW - Estimations of moderate work, more than expected
      - GEDP - Delays getting data from the client, delays in data, design
      - Half Earth - ended up with extra hours (fewer people than needed??)
      - Prep - Estimations ok, delays getting the design
      - Marxan - No need for more resources (implementation going slow because of the API), David helping BE
      - LM - Estimates according to proposal and availability. Misunderstanding with budget/proposal + no capacity for more
      - Climate Watch - maintenance contract, extra work coming (new budget for it)
      - OTP - expected to be finished, problems with BE
      - ReFed - extra help to BE team
      - Waterbirds - expected to be finished, the client keeps asking for more
      - Mongabay - Restoration project - we agreed on offering 3 days of FE, starting as earliest as possible. Currently waiting for a discovery phase, we are going to go over the 3 days
      - Mongabay Data Journalism Tools Improvements- Request didn't come through the capacity channel, Clément started ahead contract to be able to meet deadlines
   5. To assign a FE after today's meeting with the client (still missing static info)
   
  # Extra discussions
  
  - General concern that we keep getting projects while we have no capacity.
  - No announcement yet for the FE position
  - We need a plan of how we are dealing with freelancers
   
